You may mark a class as a **[Singleton]**, as shown in the following example, which will bind that class and inject necessary dependencies through field injection or constructor injection.

The act of injection is providing a dependency to an instance. Shown in the example above in creating a network connection, the ISocket is a dependency for IConnection. In order to inject into a class through a constructor or parameter, you must attach the **[Inject]** attribute.

Here's an example of using Constructor Injection with the Singleton attribute:

```c#
using CmnTools.Suice;

[Singleton] 
public class AchievementService 
{ 
    private readonly IAchievementDao _achievementDao;

    [Inject]
    public AchievementService(IAchievementDao achievementDao) 
    {
        _achievementDao = achievementDao;
    } 
}
```

For best practices, it's best not to ever do business logic in a constructor. If you wish to have initialization logic, you can implement the interface **InitializeDepenency** which will be called after class has been constructed as shown below:

```c#
using CmnTools.Suice;

[Singleton] 
public class StaticData : InitializeDependency 
{ 
    private readonly XmlParser _xmlParser;
    private string _data;

    [Inject]
    public StaticData (XmlParser xmlParser) 
    {
        _xmlParser = xmlParser;
    } 

    public void Initialize() 
    {
        this.data = _xmlParser.ReadData(“Path/To/File”);
    }
}
```

Field injection should only be used if and only if you require circular dependency. Due to the limitations of proxies, circular dependency is not supported through constructor injection. It is not a best practice to use field injection because it limits the business logic from being testable. Additionally, if _circular dependency_ use case occurs, it is usually a good sign that a better design may be available for the solution.

The following shows how you can inject a dependency through _field injection_:

```c#
using CmnTools.Suice;

[Singleton] 
public class StaticData : IStaticData 
{ 
    [Inject] 
    private XmlParser _xmlParser;

    void LoadData() { }

    void UnloadData() { }

    Template GetTemplate(int templateId) 
    {
        return null;
    }
}
```

It's best to always create an interface for your dependencies so they may be Mocked during test driven development. This can be done using the JIT attribute **ImplementedBy**. Implemented can be placed on an interface with the defined class type that will be implemented during run time. Here's an example:

```c#
using CmnTools.Suice;

[ImplementedBy(typeof(StaticData))] 
public interface IStaticData 
{ 
    void LoadData(); 
    void UnloadData();
    Template GetTemplate(int templateId);
}
```

This code will work perfectly fine with the example singleton StaticData implementation above. Finally, we can provide define JIT factories using the **ProvidedBy** attribute. This attribute can be set on an interface which defines a class which implements Provider. Here's an example:

```c#
using CmnTools.Suice;

[ProvidedBy(typeof(ItemExampleProvider))] 
public interface IItemExample 
{ 
    int GetItemId(); 
}

public class ItemExampleProvider : Provider 
{
    private readonly IStaticData _staticData;

    public override IItemExample Provide() 
    {
        IItemExample itemExample = new ItemExample(_staticdata.GetTemplate(Rnd.Get(0,1));
        return itemExample;
    }
}
```